roberto started his radio career
and knew that short phrases of
effect was a great step to make a
character works
the ball around the games was unintentionally
Wanting the original text Chávez is
called by all the villagers
only the key word is slang
Mexican that means boy or boy
As in Brazil, the name Chavo would sound.
strange to see the keys
Look, we play mason another one.
This secret may be the first rule of
communication has 1
so the bolanhas keys created the
character inspired by the boys of
periphery and said that the whole country has
Your namesake is revoked if he touches it.
the portrait of the poor child of any
place of the world
decoration bull misunderstood by all
and that ends up taking the blame of almost
all is that no one has patience with me
Do not have patience with me.
shut up chávez not want to
put nice humor subtleties it addresses the
hunger
living in the barrel Chávez pass several
days without eating anything and is able to have a
appetite higher than the June why not
It made it nice to sit at the table in
company of a thick and evil boy
dress because the best friend kiko
influenced by the mother is richer
and always live thinking about the legacy knows
now get up if I get better than
Your TV is about the eyes to do.
in the book the keys journal released in
2006 a revelation of the character who
was never said in the tv series roberto
Bolanhas says Chávez was left
by the still very small mother in a
orphanage
later for not liking the place he
ran away and ended up going to the village
there an old lady welcomed him in
apartment number 8 but soon she
died and Chávez had to be evicted
and you lived well
the neighborhood is richards made roberto perform
one of its main proposals in the
television and perhaps another secret to the
success create a group of actors
humorists in which everyone acted for
just do not swallow the door with results
a fact that guaranteed the attention of
spectators as to what bouncing speech
was inspired by one of the
daughters tells Roberto if one day she came
ask to play with a friend
he took to the scene the character Dom Pedro
ii it stays then I gave and it's already legal
took a phenomenon of worn-out boots
torn trousers caught by a strip that
imitate a suspender what it can give the
Come home to the house.
She plays tea. She's a happy child.
yes on the broom sword fighting genoa
day to day to overcome the difficulties
You had to play with me if you lived because
we are so attracted to him
another secret maybe he 's the mirror
much again
the main television network television
of mexico exhibit about one hour one
special about the actor Roberto Bolanos to
history of life the 40
years of roberto cookies
actor and father of family
the station showed the key program by
first time in June 1971 on Channel 8
and that's why in Mexico series was called
chavo's uncle after shaking
success in the country
the program is now displayed in
broadcasters throughout Latin America
including sbt
sbt brazil in the 90s
recordings were completed but the fame
was so much that the series is replayed until
nowadays